Allow React elements in Dialog components header titles (#3413)
commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit: .changeset/chilled-eyes-greet.md

---
'@commercetools-frontend/application-components': minor
---

> We've updated the `title` property type of dialog components (`InfoDialog`, `FormDialog` and `ConfirmationDialog`) so, instead of only supporting `string` values, it will support `ReactNode` as well.
> This change is intended to allow for consumers to provide more complex content, such as custom components, to the `title` property of these components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've updated the `title` property type of dialog components (`InfoDialog`, `FormDialog` and `ConfirmationDialog`) to be a `ReactNode` instead of `string` values.
This change is intended to enable consumers to define the title of the dialogs as a React component, thus allowing to support more use cases.
```

> Since the `title` property was also used as the accessible title of the dialogs and we can't extract the value from a `ReactNode` title, we're introducing a new `aria-label` property to these components.
> Consumers using a non-string value for the `title` property should also provide a string value for the `aria-label` property, which will be used as the accessible title of the dialog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore, given that the `title` property was also used as the accessible title of the dialogs (`aria-label`) and a `ReactNode` cannot be used for that, we're introducing a new `aria-label` property to address the accessibility requirement.
The `aria-label` property is therefore required when the `title` property is not of type `string`.
```
